♪ Just take the challenge
The first thing
on your mind should be my status
You need me in your life
It's more than magical, babe
I'll make you change your day
to mine
I'm more than average
I don't need nothing from you,
boy
I'll make you look good
Ooh...ooh
I'm the finest
This isn't true
Ooh...ooh
I'm at a good place in my life
'Cause baby
I got my, got my, got my baby
got my, got my baby
Oh
I wanna love, I wanna love,
I wanna love you, baby
I wanna love you
Ooh...ooh
I wanna love, I wanna love,
I wanna love you, baby
I wanna love,
I wanna love you ♪
♪ You're my pot of gold
You're my pot of gold
and I feel so lucky, lucky,
lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky
Man feel so lucky, lucky,
lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, yeah
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh I found it in you ♪
Good morning Tommy.
Did you sleep good?
Oh good, at least one of us did.
No Lisa, don't touch it.
Let's wait.
But mom, I wanted to take
a picture of it.
We have too much to do,
and too little time to do it.
Why don't you post a pic of you
helping me in that kitchen?
Mm...l have to brush my teeth.
Girl, people are gonna
start arriving any minute.
Today is the first day
of the rest of my life.
The best is yet to come.
Ah, my princess
is finally awake.
Really?
You know have to post this
from beginning to end.
Oh my God, mom make her stop.
It arrived early this morning.
It did?
Where is it?
Right there.
My God!
Oh, it's so pretty.
Sorry.
Come get me when you try it on,
I'm so serious. I'm serious.
Ah, ah, ah.
Oh.
I'm so proud of you, Selena.
You just don't understand.
I so wish your father
was here to see this moment.
I know mom.
I would have never
made it this far without you.
Are you sure you ready?
It's been so soon since.
Come on, momma,
don't start that.
Okay? I'm here right?
Marriage is hard.
It's not something you can go
into unless there's no doubt
in your mind.
I know mom.
I know.
When I decided
to marry your father,
it was at the exact moment
I realized that I couldn't live
one more day without him.
I couldn't even imagine my life
for one second
if he wasn't there.
Oh momma.
And you did the best
you could okay?
And what do you always say? Huh?
What do you always say?
Do the best
you can and let God do the rest.
Well, that's enough of this huh?
Come on,
child we gotta go do something
with this hair.
Oh mom, I just woke up.
I can't have my baby
looking crazy-
I know.
-when everyone gets here.
Okay mom.
Our friends are here from USC
and that's all the excitement
you can muster?
We're talking
about the Trojans here.
Okay, we'll see if you
don't loosen up
once we start taking shots.
Oh my goodness,
isn't this wonderful?
It's been so long
since I've seen all of you
together, the whole-
Look at you.
Come on here, look at you.
-crew is here.
Ooh Miss Jackson, Miss Jackson,
it's good to see you.
Oh stop it Chester, you know
to call me Mrs. Melanie.
Hey, you ain't still mad
about that window now are you?
Well, when you're a mother
you expect 20-year-olds
to get drunk at a house party
when you're not home and dive
out a window.
Hey, Mrs. Melanie.
You got that right.
Yes.
Oh. Well what's a party
without broken glass and a few
broken bones though right?
It was actually several bones
including a femur.
This man is like a Wikipedia
on steroids, you know him.
Hi Miss Melanie,
good seeing you.
So good to see both of you.
Let's not say steroids
around Chester.
Oh gosh, see they still ain't
prove nothing for the NCA game.
You wrong.
Right.
That's why you can't keep a man,
it's your mouth.
Guys, guys.
Um, I heard her mouth is the
only way she could keep a man.
Oh guys come on,
like, have some respect.
Oh come on now,
you all are like family,
you know you can be yourselves
around me.
Thank you for having us,
Miss Melanie.
Come on.
Thank you.
It's nice
having you here too baby.
Shall we?
♪ I'm so tired
of going around and around
and around and around ♪
I know
it's perfect, oh thank you baby.
Lena you should have gone
with us to Homecoming last year.
I know.
Oh girl,
you know that Chester
is so competitive,
he will try anything.
I resent that.
Um.
He tried to slide
across the floor
like he was James Brown,
missed his mark,
and slid off into a table.
No way.
I'm so mad we missed that trip;
I would have paid anything
to get that on video.
No, no,
no don't play that again.
Oh come on, yes.
Oh yes.
Oh, oh.
Well, I must say
for a former NFL wide receiver
you did display excellent,
um, balance.
Hmm, balance,
that's what I said.
You know babe, I am so mad
we missed that trip.
Why did you miss it?
Oh, well she
was really into her cause.
Yes, I am heavily involved
with a volunteer campaign.
It's called Cradle to Prison.
Brianna said you passed up
on a million dollar salary.
A million dollars?
Yes, daddy
wanted her to be lead council
for a huge oil company in Texas.
You must feel strongly
about this cause
to forgo something like that.
I mean, yeah I do.
And a lot of people
just don't know
the tremendous racial disparity
that's involved in our nation's
criminal justice system.
You know I do like Texas
but, I'm a California girl.
Okay, do you know that one
in three black males born today
can expect to go to prison?
And I've seen 19 year olds
serving 27 years
for their first time
nonviolent drug offense.
Nikki, those bums
are always gonna have a story.
And you know the US spends more
than 70 billion dollars a year
locking people up, mostly
for nonviolent drug crimes,
and we still consume more drugs
than any other country
in the world.
Oh Trish I'm impressed,
how do you know all that?
Oh, girl you know,
she's a regular
on inmatelove.com.
Wrong.
You are wrong.
Oh Bri, come on, that ain't...
Let your friend know
she got one more time
before I get hood on this chick.
Hood? Are you serious?
My father's a US Congressman;
you really think
I'm afraid of you?
Daddy would have 20 men
in here in 20 minutes flat.
Please, do try.
Oh good,
then that means I got 19 minutes
to kick your ass.
Oh.
No, no, no,
look ladies, ladies, ladies.
Listen, you all ladies?
Excuse me.
Listen, who you trying to be,
Captain Save-a-ho?
'Cause you're supposed
to be here with me.
Ho? Who you calling a ho?
I'm calling you a ho.
If you didn't act like a ho, I
wouldn't have to call you a ho.
You better get your friend.
Hey whoa, whoa, whoa child,
what you doing?
Look you got
about five more years
before you can taste anything
over here all right?
Don't get mad at me.
Take Miley Cyrus
and take your all ass upstairs
and watch some TV or something.
Get some Kool Aid,
watch some Taylor Swift videos,
do something.
Stop dressing so goddamn weird.
You weird. Kids man.
Wow, they're crazy.
I know right?
Trisha you need to stop.
I cannot stand her uppity ass
always trying
to call somebody out.
Listen,
you are way too defensive.
And you... you go
into attack mode way too easily,
you need to use empathy
Disarm the person
by using gentle probing words.
Oh Lord, you must be reading
them self-help books again.
Look I am not worried
about that skank,
she can marry Chester,
he just don't know half the USC
done tapped that ass.
Hey, hey, hey,
you ain't no angel either, okay?
He who has not sinned,
let him cast the first stone.
Stone? I could throw a brick
at her ass.
Shit at least
I'm real about mine.
Bitch, we are not in college
anymore.
Stop shopping in my closet.
Come on you know you
can't rock this like I would.
Okay fine, just that one,
but nothing else.
Lena listen,
you know I'm not gonna let
anybody come at me like that,
and I'm definitely not gonna
let anybody disrespect you.
I hear you Trish,
but guess what?
We are way past jumping hoes
in the clubs,
we are adults now, okay?
We need to leave all that anger
in the past and start
handling situations
like we're grownups.
Plus it's my wedding weekend
and you up here acting the fool.
Okay, okay, you're right.
I'm gonna let her slide for now,
and I'm gonna try
that empathy thing just for you.
You got any shoes; I could show
you how to freak this.
No! Girl, put it back.
God.
I promised myself that I was not
gonna get into it with her.
I just, I swear,
it's like her claim
to fame... use this.
It's like her claim to fame
that they were together;
we all know that, she doesn't
have to bring it up every time.
Do you know they
weren't even together that long?
Does Trish have to bring this up
at every gathering?
Okay, she dated you senior year,
so what?
You know she can't get
over all this dog,
you know she can't.
Come on man who you fooling?
This is me you talking to.
You sniffing around that girl
dorm room for six months
after she broke up with you.
Man, whatever dog,
you bringing up old stuff.
Well, he also said she's boring
as hell in bed, so...
Who's better in bed,
Trish or Brianna?
Look you know I
don't talk like that.
Come on, man,
it's just me and you.
Come on, bro.
All right look, I love...
I love Bri with all my heart
you know what I'm saying?
But Trish, oh,
Trish is just so gifted.
She's got this...
she got these hands okay?
And I'm just like laying there
sucking my thumb,
calling my mom, oh please,
I don't wanna leave.
L“
Just the way you like it.
Yes, two sugars and skim milk.
Go ahead, mama.
Miss Jackson.
You haven't married
my daughter yet.
Right, right.
Mrs. J.
Mrs. Jackson.
There you go.
Bottoms up.
Baby, when did you get here?
Did you really think
I'd be late?
Um, yes, you're always late; you
may be late to your own funeral.
Nice seeing you too.
Oh, what the hell?
Come here give me a hug. Listen,
I'm sorry you
to marry you know,
'cause she's attracted
to the thug type and all but,
uh, no hard feelings okay?
What's done is done.
Okay, just, uh,
leave it to the wonderful Trisha
to masterfully
create an awkward moment.
Wait, can I ask you
a gentle probing question?
Are you upset with me?
Go. Get out of here.
Love you.
Yeah whatever.
What's wrong
with your shirt baby?
Oh, rushing.
There you go.
Let me tell you about that,
uh, sales conference.
What, what happened?
I could not wait
to get out of there.
You know every day
I was just staring at the clock.
Um, I was doing the same thing.
Um, kindred spirits.
Soul mates.
All right now
don't get too corny on me.
Oh I'm corny,
you're the corny one,
but I think it's cute.
Yeah?
Mm-hm.
Well I don't know whether to,
uh, be insulted or be,
uh, turned on.
I don't know, tiger,
you have one more day
until lam Mrs. Darnell Riggins.
Um, I love the sound of that.
I mean it is a little ghetto
but I guess I can learn
to own it.
Ghetto?
Mm-hm.
Baby, I'm from Irvine.
Save it for the honeymoon, guys.
Save it for the honeymoon.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Don't sorry me;
if this marriage has a chance,
you have to keep
the spark alive.
Mom.
So let's go,
the Reverend has arrived.
Well let's not keep
the Reverend waiting.
To the woman of my dreams.
It's only been two years
but you have rocked my world.
No, her mom's gonna be there.
It's only been two years,
but you have changed my world.
You are my world. Yeah.
Mom, hold on.
Hi, uh, go ahead
and wait in line over there.
The good Reverend's right over
there and he's gonna tell you
where to walk, where to stand,
where not to walk,
and then after that we'll just
have some cocktails okay?
It is a wondrous thing to see
you beautiful young people
here today
in celebration of two people.
Two beautiful young people
who will bejoined
for the rest of their lives.
Could we get a minute
just for a quick break?
Could you bow your heads please?
Father God, we ask
for your blessing in the union
of these two beautiful,
beautiful young people,
who have vowed to spend the rest
of their lives together.
That's marijuana.
I smell it.
Uh, what do you know
about marijuana and how do you
know how it smells?
Just because I'm
in private school doesn't mean
it shields me from the universe.
Two more years
and I may let you hit it.
For real?
No! Seriously?
All right, here we go, and.
Just think, there'll be people
watching you on this side,
and on that side.
Chester!
There'll be people on this side
watching you and that side.
You don't- you don't think
I know what you're looking at?
Turn your head.
You tripping man
this-no we just friends.
There we go.
Yeah, okay.
Here comes the bride.
Come on let's try it again.
And then get comfortable
with it.
You need to be practicing
fixing my dress
before I practice knocking
you out.
Okay I got it, dang.
They said that you
would be intense but not
Mike Tyson from the 80s.
Okay, you weren't dreaming about
this  in the 80s.
Uh, I've been here before,
you don't know me.
Okay, well then
I will knock you back
to where you came from before.
Now get in line.
Uh!
I got it.
Go ahead.
Thank you.
Welcome.
Really? You're such a gentleman.
I -- you upset.
Call it what you want player,
but I honor my wife.
And I advise you to do the same
if you wanna keep her.
Amen, Rock.
Listen I ain't about to do
what you saying.
You saying what?
You- you know what?
You all are sick.
Matter of fact,
I... I'm gonna go
outside and get some air.
That's a great idea.
Yeah that's what I'm gonna do.
Mm-hm.
That's what I'm gonna do-
Yeah, bye.
- Ain't nobody out here affecting
me, I'm out of here.
Hey you ain't shit Rock,
I'm just letting you know that.
I'm so sorry.
It's- it's whatever,
you know what?
I need a drink.
...I'm telling him, I ain't
forgiving him for this shit.
Hey, girl.
What's good?
What you over here doing?
Making a wish?
I wasn't, but now I have one.
What you wishing for,
a million dollars or something?
No, for you to go back inside
and leave me alone.
Oh man, come on man.
I admit it man, you know what,
I wasn't shit
when I was an undergrad.
No you still ain't shit.
Okay, all right, I wasn't shit
and I still ain't shit
that's fine.
But the point is, I was...
I was wild in there,
you know that,
you knew what we was on.
I figured maybe, you know,
since we have such a strong past
and that we love each other
as much as we have,
that this weekend
we can start over and get
a fresh start
for the one yard line.
Truth be told Trish, I mean,
I just really hate that you
couldn't be with the man
I am now.
Yeah 'cause the old you needed
to be hanged in Town Square.
Ooh, the attitude and emotion.
You got some deep-rooted
emotion, there's something deep
down locked in a box
under there that you...
Nah, there's no feelings
left over here for you.
So you can go on inside
to your cutesy, conservative,
uptight little girlfriend.
I moved on a long time ago.
I feel like we could at least
be cordial
at our best friend's wedding,
just for the weekend.
I faked it once,
I don't see why not.
I agree.
It's crazy.
I feel like this should be me,
you know?
Yeah.
Beautiful man,
beautiful wedding.
It's kinda like a dream,
you know?
Trish, I mean,
I- I wasn't the best dude, man,
and- and I definitely may not
have the right or- or privilege
to speak upon this but I feel
like you are just one
of the most beautiful,
incredible creatures
that I've ever laid my eyes on.
Your soul,
your character, your spirit,
who you are and what you are.
And I firmly believe
that one day
you will truly find a man
that make you happy that way.
That's if I can only find a man
who loves me as much
as he loves her.
Well, yeah.
I gotta- man,
I gotta get back inside.
See ya.
L“
Junior!
Oh, shit!
Oh, my sweet angel.
Hey, mom.
Oh, you okay?
Yeah.
You must be nervous.
Let me take a look.
Let me see.
Hey, Pop.
Yeah, how's it going, son?
Let me see, honey.
Maybe that old wretched woman
has some aloe planted
around this house somewhere.
But that might make
too much commonsense, you know,
knowing the history
of her family.
Momma,
you promised not to start.
Now Coral, we had an agreement.
Okay. Okay.
Support. Support.
I'm trying; I just want
what's best for you.
Yeah, I know.
I know, a nice
little Jehovah's Witness, right?
Junior.
We have different beliefs.
Okay, and that can cause
some problems here.
Coral.
Okay, okay.
It's okay, dad.
You know I've been hearing
this for about a year now.
You know, it's just too soon
for all of this.
A mother knows. I know.
Uh, look, Coral, why...
why don't we just step outside
and let Darnell finish
getting dressed for lunch,
okay? Hm?
Okay.
But I'm not saying one word
to that woman out there.
Coral, please!
Mom, I'll be
right out all right?
Look son,
does she make you happy?
Well, in that case,
you just make sure you got
that tie on nice and tight,
all buttons buttoned,
all snaps snapped.
We don't want
you to ruin that picture.
Yes, sir.
Okay, Tommy,
I need to watch my thoughts,
it becomes my words.
I need to watch my words,
it becomes actions,
I need to watch my actions,
it becomes habit.
I need to watch my habits,
it becomes character.
I need to watch my character,
it becomes my destiny.
Gee, thanks
for the supportive ear.
Tell me what to do, what to do.
What if I'm not ready?
What if I'm not over Dillon?
Dillon.
Dillon!
Oh my God. I...
I didn't expect
to see you here after,
everything.
Yeah.
Uh, Lena you know all I've ever
wanted is for you to be happy.
Are you happy?
Yeah.
Yes, yes I am.
Okay. All right fair enough.
That's all that matters to me,
what we had was the past.
Just know I...
I always will support you
and you'll always be my angel.
Um, are...
are you coming to lunch?
I'll tell mom you're here,
she'd love to see you here.
No.
It'll be on social media
in a minute.
No, no,
I don't wanna be a distraction.
I'll just hang around
the guest quarters and,
uh, I'll come for the ceremony,
how's that?
Uh, Tricia and Brianna
have already gotten into
their usual fight over Chester.
If you ask me, them
two are still in love.
Yeah, yeah.
You never miss your water
until that water dry.
When did you get
all deep and philosophical?
Where's my thug?
I'm still banging out
Oh, and Rock and Nikki
are here too.
Dillon they'd love to see you.
No, I'm here to support you.
I don't wanna make
anybody uncomfortable.
You know I love you, right?
Will I see you again?
Of course.
After lunch.
Okay.
I'm gonna go and get ready.
All right.
Coral.
Senior.
Hey.
Melanie.
Uh, don't mind her.
It's a lovely setup
you got here.
Well, I'm so glad
you could make it.
And your seats are at the front.
Thank you.
Lord help me,
this is gonna be a long one.
L“
Slow down,
this isn't about you right now.
Lena, I just wanna
say I'm so excited to be here,
and I'm so happy for you,
and I'm excited
to see you and Darnell
start your life together.
Congratulations.
Love you so much.
Stop, Rock.
Baby.
Definitely want to get
some of that.
Hey, use your thing, girl.
No, you've had plenty.
Come on baby I got...
I got this..
Don't touch... please
don't touch me.
Come here.
Rock.
Love you girl, it's all good.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I wanna propose a toast to
the bride and groom over here.
Yeah, it's your day today,
it's all about you.
Yeah, to my... my wider,
my ace, my number one hitter.
Right here, Lena baby. Whoo-hoo!
You know, you finally got
that strong foundation
you wanted in your love life
I'm- and I'm happy for you.
Your relationship career
has been going up and down
like the stock market
but you stayed in there,
you know?
You got YOUR brains
beat up by some dudes
that really didn't deserve you,
but you got back.
You got you a good man, and
that's what's most important.
You got you a good man
that cares about you,
and that's what's important,
you know?
'Cause let me tell you all,
she was there for me
at my low point. It was dark.
It was a real dark moment,
especially when I got cut
from the team, yeah.
Yeah, that night- yeah,
I came over there, man,
and I was looking for a shoulder
to lean on,
I passed her shoulder up and
landed right on them titties.
Yeah, them titties. That is
definitely some good titties
to lean on at a time like that,
in a crisis.
You got some comfortable titties
there boy.
He)', YOU got you one.
Yeah, I cried on them titties.
I didn't know where them titties
cam from 'till I seen them
titties right there, mama.
Yeah Miss Jackson, them titties
are generational titties
right there and that's...
that's what it's all about.
Yeah, okay we messed around,
we made out for about 35,
45 minutes, yeah I was hard.
I was ninth grade hard.
You know how hard
you get in ninth grade?
Hey, you can check your blood
pressure with that it's...
it's hard and...
That's how it was, right?
You remember that time? Yeah.
And definitely, you know,
we trying to control ourselves,
definitely used
some type of respect 'cause
we could be drinking
that '45 Loco 'cause
we only had three dollars from
the gas station, remember that?
But my point to you is, is that
this was a moment that we had,
we shared, it was hot,
it was real steamy, remember?
Hey, I was gonna put
that R. Kelly on,
'cause if that R. Kelly
had came on right,
I'm telling you
what was gonna happen.
Hey.
Sit down.
Excuse us.
I just wanna tell you
I love... hey, I love you.
I love you boy. Bring it in.
Hey, we're like family now.
Watch out for her.
She all you got boy.
Chester, we want to thank you
for that passionate speech.
What is wrong with you?
It came straight from the heart.
And why don't we all get ready
to enjoy our wonderful,
wonderful meal?
I thought this was a party?
Huh, you all don't wanna party
no more?
Nobody wanna party with me, huh?
Nobody wants to party with you.
You all gonna leave me out here
like this.
Chester, sit down.
Bro, come on bro, I'm not, no
I'm just- I'm just talking, man.
I ain't even, look,
it's cool baby, just chilling.
Don't be so Baptist Minister
on me right now, man.
And...
and thank you all so much
for coming,
and I'll see you in the morning.
Thanks for having us.
Let me know if you need some
help with the food tomorrow.
The guests gonna be complaining
about how bland it is.
Um, come on Coral I...
I believe they got it covered,
okay?
Well I'm gonna
bring a few bottles
of hot sauce just in case.
Really, baby?
Yeah.
Come on now.
You all don't know about salt?
Excuse us. Baby.
Pepper? Paprika?
Why we eating
cucumber sandwiches at a dinner?
I'm hungry still.
I'm so sorry, Selena,
that he did this.
He did this,
this is your wedding.
I know.
But Chester will be Chester
and we won't go there.
Oh, God, it gets so old.
Are you okay?
You don't seem okay, and I know
that you're gonna talk to me.
I'm okay,
and you know that I knew, right?
I know,
but it was still awkward.
It was so awkward.
Um, lam gonna see you out
at the beach, right?
Okay, yeah. I... yeah.
Hopefully.
L“
Hey. Baby, are you mad at me?
No, no I'm not.
Are you sure?
I just...it was
this whole thing,
it just had me, I don't know.
If it makes you feel any better,
you are a way better kisser.
Please don't be mad.
I gotta go check on my mom,
okay?
Nobody listened to me,
nobody listened to me.
You need you a Louisiana girl.
Okay son, I done told you,
that little fast-tail girl
is not ready to be a wife.
Dad.
Coral, give it a rest.
What?
Mom, she's a sweet girl all
right, and she's far from fast.
Now, I'm not dwelling
on the past all right,
it's all about how she
makes me feel.
Look, look, look,
you all remember that, uh,
Miss Brenda right?
Oh, she got that sweet daughter
named Charice.
She got one
of those big badonk-a-donks
like you like too.
But she knows Jehovah son,
I'm telling you
that's the one for you.
Mom. Mom, please all right,
I'm gonna have to ask you
to leave if you sit up here
and you keep talking
negative about my marriage.
Well, I never...
Look come on you all,
look you all now settle down.
Now we family.
You can't do that to me.
Ten hours.
Ten long hours.
Ten hours, 35 minutes and 21-
- CORAL AND DARNELL AND DARNELL
- point six-six seconds.
That's right!
I know mom, I know.
Ten hours of labor.
All right
but I'm far from a child now.
How can you
talk to me like that?
And the Oscar goes to...
Look, son, would you please just
try to relax okay, I'm gonna
take your momma
back on down to the shindig
and uh,
you just try to relax all right?
It's not right.
You good?
Yeah.
Come on, Coral.
I'm your momma.
Coral!
And you my only son,
you do me like that!
You hear how he talk to me?
Just be quiet
and get your butt...
I feel so weak.
Coral, Coral, listen.
What is wrong with you?
Oh, he shouldn't be
marrying that girl.
What is up with you,
you're just drama.
This place, I hate it,
I hate the swimming pool,
these trees, I can't wait
till my sister gets here.
Oh come on what is?
Oh, Jesus.
What the hell
is wrong with you woman,
I can't take you no damn where.
Hey.
Can we talk?
Yeah.
Okay.
L“
Reverend, are you sure
you have to go so soon?
We have more peach cobbler,
I could make you a to-go plate.
You know,
you sure are a doll.
Ah well, you know I gotta
be back here bright and early,
or somebody's not
getting married tomorrow.
Oh, don't go so soon.
You know, an old man like me
needs plenty of beauty rest.
I think you're beautiful
just the way you are.
No but, no.
You know,
we decided to take it slow.
I thought you said...
Honey?
Huh? Oh,
that was this honey, oh, yeah.
Let me help you with that.
You know it's...
it's only been two years
since she passed.
L-I... I just...
I really need to take it...
move slower.
I understand. I understand, I...
I just don't know how long
you expect me to sit around
and wait.
Please, just bear with me.
I'm so stupid.
Hey, little momma,
you have any lotion?
My knees get ashy
and I wanna wear some shorts.
Where's your little friend at?
Keli? Oh, she got picked up,
but she'll be back tomorrow
for the wedding.
Oh, okay.
I know I'm officially not
your big brother until tomorrow
but, uh, spit it out,
what's wrong?
Nothing.
No, don't nothing me.
If you're not around here
looking for trouble to get
into I know something's wrong
with you so, uh, so out with it.
I'm serious, I'm good.
I'm... I'm fine.
Are you, uh,
are you worried that I'm gonna
take your sister away from you?
Please, take her away.
Maybe then I'll get away
with more.
Look I know there's
a lot going on, you know,
but, uh, you gotta realizes
that sometimes change is good.
Yeah, okay, okay.
But what if you
don't understand?
Well, sometimes God
puts us on a need-to-know basis
all right, so stop worrying
about where the wind is going
and just enjoy the breeze.
Um, okay.
Well at least that's what
my father would tell me right,
I think it makes sense right?
I don't know.
Well, I'm glad you're gonna
be a part of our family.
I'm glad you're glad.
Hey, you need to go get rest up;
we have a big day tomorrow.
I know, I know, and,
um, I'm not supposed to leave
my room for any reason, right?
And if I see Selena
before tomorrow I am dead meat.
Yeah, my mom
will slit your throat.
Yeah, at least someone else
knows what she's capable of,
right?
At least we're the detectives
that know.
Yeah.
Well what about you,
are you okay?
Um, well, I just wish that I
had a better job, you know,
to take care of your sister.
Well, don't waste too much time
trying to figure out
where the wind is going, right?
Hm. Good talk.
L“
Um, um, um.
Whoa-ooh.
It's gonna be a long,
lonely night.
It's gonna be long but it damn
sure ain't gonna be lonely.
What?
I'm saying, I was talking
about you 'cause you with me.
But that's fine.
That's why they say
don't bring sand to the beach.
I waited as long as I could,
but you know me,
I needed someone, I-I just...
Do you love him?
Yeah.
You know it's all in
the little things.
He's so wise to be so young;
I learn something new
from him every day.
He's an amazing man.
I waited as long as I could.
You know what,
sometimes I feel like I loved
you more than you loved me.
Well I'm...
I'm just gonna head back up.
Tomorrow's the big day.
I hope to see you there,
you know you're always family.
Of course, I wouldn't miss it.
Thank you for everything.
You're an angel, Dillon,
and you deserve way better.
I don't even know how to thank
you for enriching my life
and changing me
and opening my eyes
to so many different things.
L“
Right here, be careful.
Darnell?
What are you doing
out of the guesthouse?
I told you to call me
if you needed anything.
I'm sorry,
I got a little restless.
I kinda needed something sweet.
Are they gone?
Are you talking
about your lovely parents?
Yes, the ones
that you adore so much.
You see this big smile
on my face?
Well, I guess that
answers my question then.
Here.
Why the nerves?
You're not having
second thoughts are you?
No, no, never that.
No, your daughter...
your daughter's the best thing
that's ever happened to me.
All right then.
I want you to know I do have
a weapon in this house.
Now
I see where Selena gets it from.
You guys must have, like,
some type of Manson gene
or something.
I'm just letting you know.
Fair, fair.
You know, I just wanna be
the best husband for her,
you know?
L, uh, I'm always thinking
of ways to make money and,
uh, I just wanna be
the best provider for my family.
Listen, her father left
her plenty of money.
Just love her,
and treat her right.
Yeah.
Well no disrespect, you know,
but I'm a man, and I
wanna provide for my family.
Now I know she's dependent
on some trust fund,
but I want my wife
to depend on me.
You know,
I don't have all the money
that I should be making,
but I am going back to school.
I just wanna be perfect
for my family.
Listen, you need
to take it one day at a time.
How many billionaires
have ended in divorce, hm?
It's not money
that make you happy,
it's how good
the relationship is.
Right, I just
don't wanna mess it up.
She means so much to me.
With an attitude
like that I'm sure you won't.
I know my daughter.
Thanks, Miss Jackson.
Tell you what, after tomorrow,
you can go on and call me mom.
Sounds good.
Now get on back
out there to that guesthouse
before I do have
to use that weapon on you.
Yes ma'am, yes ma'am.
I was thinking about seeing
the crew though, uh,
down at the beach.
Thank you again.
L“
You know how she is,
it never changes okay, and don't
you get sucked into that.
That's easy for you to say,
look at you, you always have it
all together, Miss Perfect.
Don't I Wish.
What more could you ask for?
You found love,
you have a great man.
I mean Rock is so good to you.
But don't think we don't go
through our own ups and downs.
It's just, you know,
we work on it
and we... we communicate
and we pray together.
Pray together?
Yes, every day.
Boo, it's changed
our relationship so much.
The intimacy...
the connection...it's just...
Wow.
And don't get me wrong okay,
some days I do wanna drop him
in the kiddie pool but,
once the anger
passes I just, you know,
I see him for the man
that he is, flaws and all.
And I just love
him unconditionally.
I wish.
Don't wish okay?
That love that you're looking
for, it's in your heart.
Girl, you been watching
Oprah's Lifeclass or something?
Well...
Okay, well,
what if you love someone
but they're with someone else?
Ooh. Well,
now I always thought you made
a big mistake by leaving him.
You guys were meant for each
other but...my name is Bennett
and I ain't in it.
Ah, you crazy boy.
But look man, for real,
like, you ever thought maybe
that you chose the wrong one?
Like the woman that you chose
wasn't the right fit for you?
I never looked at it
as if it was my choice.
I just love the woman
that God gave me,
and I treat her the way
that anyone would treat a gift
from God.
But, the thing about it is man,
like, what if the woman
that's perfect for you,
the woman that God actually
made for you, was out there
and you're not with her?
Like, man,
you've chosen some other woman
that...
that just isn't your fit?
Forever is a long time man
to be married to somebody
and not have the right person.
How do you know?
You know when you know.
Trust me. Go get it.
I'm open, throw it to me,
I'm open, come on.
L“
Hey, boy-
Ah, beautiful.
I'm worried, Rock.
Come on man, what's it gonna be,
fear or fate?
They can't be in the same space
together, just like my parents.
Look, I just wanna
provide for her, you know?
My father provided for us.
We lived a good life, man.
I just don't wanna let her down
like her father did, you know?
Her dad
was a great business man.
He built that company
from the ground
up into a huge corporation.
He just got greedy.
Yeah, and it hurt her deeply.
Well, unless you know something
I don't know, I...
I don't see you kicking big
the 13 counts
of racketeering and wire fraud.
Yeah.
Rock,
if I tell you something you
promise to keep it between us,
Fight?
It's possible.
L, um...
I lost my job.
I haven't told anyone
that I lost it on Friday.
Damn, my goodness.
Exactly
My old man used to tell us,
when God closes one door,
He opens another.
I'm sure there's something else
in store for you.
Don't be afraid
to turn the page.
I'm gonna head up
and check on Bria.
Tomorrow's your big day.
All right?
Every new beginning
starts when something else ends.
Right, Mr. Turtle? Hm.
L“
These are the most
exotic animals.
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh.
No, no, no, no wait,
are there snakes in here?
Baby, please no, no.
Look, look.
Oh ok.
Alright, all right.
Baby please, no.
See, see, you warming up,
you warming up,
come on, come on,
I'm gonna show you something.
No, wait, where are we going?
Come on. Look, what is that?
Let me see, let me see,
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
This one a little too active,
that's the one right there.
No, that one.
I don't want it,
no, it's hideous.
No, that's the one.
No, I wanna puppy not a turtle.
You wanna puppy?
Okay, I know, you wanna puppy
but, I want a turtle.
You are so bossy, why?
'Cause,
you gotta learn to slow down.
You're constantly rushing
in life, constantly
I'm efficient.
Okay.
But sometimes you gotta
take a beat,
feel the land, look
at the stars.
Taste your food for godsakes.
Now you know I taste my food.
Okay.
But they'll live way longer
then we can,
and they'll always remind
you to slow down a little
and enjoy your life.
You only get one.
They're ugly,
why would I want more than one?
One life, one turtle. Let's go.
Ugh.
To the front, let's go name him.
Ugh, look he's,
see he's doing something weird.
He looks like an Elvis.
He looks like his name is Elvis.
He's licking me.
Elvis the turtle.
L“
Tomorrow's our new beginning.
What are you doing here?
I can't stop thinking about you.
Same here.
Hey, I gotta study up
on my aeronautics textbooks,
I'll holler at you later.
What? Aeronautics?
Rock, bro, you are weird.
You are one weird cat, man.
Hey, use it or lose it.
You definitely lost it man.
Definitely lost it.
Wait, wait, wait,
where you going?
I have the worst headache;
I've been looking for aspirin
everywhere.
Aspirin?
I seem to remember a time
when doing this would make
it all go away.
Hey, no.
What's wrong?
I can't.
As much as I want to I can't.
She's too good to me.
I miss you.
I miss you too.
And you know what I always say,
live and let live.
L“
I missed you so much.
Mm.
I'm never gonna leave you again.
Selena, baby it's me.
Look, I know I'm not supposed
to see you but I just-
Darnell, get back to your room,
you know it's bad luck
to see me before the wedding.
I don't care
about those superstitions.
Look, I just need to talk
to you. Selena, baby please.
Darnell I can't, I can't.
I'm sorry I can't.
Okay.
Okay, well, I love you.
♪ Got my blankets in bed ♪
M's the top of the morning ♪
IShe gonna do what she can)
She gonna do what she wanted
Got her legs in the air ♪
Pretending like I just
don't care, yeah)
II know what you need, babe
'Cause you called me ♪
Rand said you want it
I got it ♪
You got me 'cause
this is where it started)
Baby, you called me 'cause
you just want to party)
Oh, yeah
Put your hands in the air ♪
Pretending like I just
don't carer
Yeah,
I wanna my  say yeah)
Now that I need her
Early in the morning ♪
She give me what I need
Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
L“
wens)
Hey.
You hungry?
What you making?
Salad.
Nah, I was talking to Rock
just now just, you know?
Yeah,
I do.
You know how he do, you know
he- aeronautics engineering,
on and on and on and.
Look, the real thing is you...
you know me, you know me, Bri.
I mean today at the beach I...
I got a little beside myself
and I'm sorry. Okay?
I'm sorry. I just wanted
everybody to have a good time
and I just wanted us to have
a good time and...
I need you, Bri.
Baby, can I ask you a question?
Oh, I wish you wouldn't.
Um, are you... are you okay?
Are we okay?
Hm?
Yes.
I mean 'cause look, man,
I been...
I've been thinking, all right?
I been doing a lot of thinking
about what we need to do...
Chester.
And how we need to do this.
And I know that we can fix this,
I know about the future, like-
Chester.
- We need to build together.
Chester, stop!
I'm just trying to open up
to you about my feelings
and I know...
Can we just be friends?
Wait, what?
You know I just...l don't think
that I'm right for you anymore.
Bri, Bri.
And you need to find someone.
Someone else who's nice
you know,
like, you need a nice girl.
Baby, you are a nice girl.
Bri, Bri, Bri...
No. Okay, no! Listen,
I... this is not-
Look, we can fix this.
I've been thinking about this
for a long time so...
I can... look I can get help
for my drinking,
I'm not tripping on anything
I'm just saying we-
Chester,
I know what I need to do.
So...
I'm leaving you.
Okay, look, okay, okay.
All right look, okay,
can we talk about this?
No, we can't...
we can't talk about it.
No, we can't talk about it.
You think that I like starting
over?
You think I wanna start over?
I hate starting-
Listen, don't.
Stop, stop.
Okay look,
you're not the man for me.
That's it.
L“
Couldn't let me win one, huh?
Seriously, not again.
What is it this time, huh?
Oh, well you couldn't-
you couldn't be second one time
even though we're supposed
to be friends?
God, you're still
the same egotistical bitch
that you were in college.
Whoa, you need to calm down.
Look, I know it's a wedding
and the emotions
are up in the air.
Oh yeah, up
in the air like your legs
with Chester.
Yeah I know about that.
Bri, he loves me,
what can I say?
All you try and do is control
him with your little prissy
Congressional bullshit.
All you ever wanted was another
trophy on your mantle next
to your big degree
and your big house,
big car, family name.
Deep down you're as insecure
as they come.
This was never about Chester.
You don't love him,
this is about me.
You?
This isn't...God do you really
wish this was about you,
are you that arrogant?
You know what I-l don't...
I don't even care
that you slept with him
and how many other people
you're sleeping with,
because they will never
look at you the way
they look at me, with respect,
so you're not gonna win.
Okay, you're running around,
a grown-ass woman
acting like a little girl.
You really need
to grow up 'cause it's not cute.
And if you're not a woman,
you're never gonna
attract a man.
And if you're so grown
and such a woman,
why can't you
please your man huh?
Too uptight?
He said that I'm still the best.
Yeah?
If you're so good, then how come
when he was done with you,
he came downstairs to me?
Bitch.
Ow! Jesus,
is this what you wanna do?
OW! Oh.
Just wait a second...
I definitely could have just
whipped your ass, I just-
Oh, my God.
-I've been smoking.
Okay, please. Oh my God, Trisha,
I really think I popped a disc
or something.
I feel like I'm about 60.
If I was 21
you know I would have had you.
If we were both 21
You know, I'm sorry.
It was the gin,
you know gin will make you sin.
Trisha, you know
that's not good enough, right?
I know.
You love him, right?
Yeah.
He loves you, you know?
I know that,
that's why I act the way I do.
I'm not even mad you know that?
I just feel sad.
You know,
I've been sad for awhile now.
Trish, I miss you.
We used to be friends.
I am sick
and tired of your momma,
and if you want commissary
on your books, you're gonna
have to tell her to do it.
I am sick of her telling me
what to do.
And this place creeps me out.
Hey, ma.
Selena, it's your father.
He wanted to talk to you
before the wedding.
Selena?
It's me.
Boy, you sound...
you sound so grown up.
That's because I'm a woman
now, dad.
Yeah, I guess you are.
Look, I'm...
I just wanna apologize.
You know,
I wasn't able to be the father
that you needed me to be,
you know, and so... lt's just
circumstances, you know?
It's what I had to do, you know?
I had to keep things
on the outside;
it was the only way
I could survive.
I survived just fine
without you dad, just fine.
I just wanna, um...
Now you listen to me.
Don't ever call here again;
we did just fine without you.
You know, your mother
sends me pictures of you.
Every single week
for the last 16 years. I...
I just... I want you to know
that I love you,
and I think about you every day.
Dad, that's...
that's not good enough.
Listen, I know that I've made
some terrible mistakes.
You listen to me.
Don't ever call here again.
L“
Selena? Selena?
You okay?
Yeah.
You sure?
This too shall pass.
♪ In the past
l tried to make it right
Tried to keep you satisfied
Hoping you would one day
fall in love with me
But deep down... ♪
I wanna go over some details
of the reception.
I was thinking for that table
we could put small bottles
of champagne.
Okay, I'll talk to you about it
later, my guests are here.
Good morning.
Morning.
Well, you all are here bright
and early this glorious morning.
I am usually up at 0600
every morning, Melanie.
Well, it's gonna
be a glorious day.
Yes, it is.
And what a glorious, snug dress.
Did you just
call me fat?
Oh, no.
Oh no, I.
Babe, no.
You see I tried.
I always seem to say
the wrong thing.
I just meant that we were gonna
ask you to give us a hand
around here and your dress
might be a bit snug
to give us some help.
It's no problem.
Do I look like the help to you?
Oh, come on.
Excuse me?
Uh, I am tired of this.
Baby.
Just because your ex-husband
left a few dollars
hidden around here,
you all up in this fancy house
wearing these old fancy clothes,
don't mean
you can order us around like we
some common people.
Coral, I...
No!
I didn't mean that, I was only-
You were only trying
to turn your nose up to us
like you always do.
I'm sick of it.
I can't believe our son fell for
this whole charade around here.
You ain't nothing but a fraud.
Baby, come on.
Mm-hm. And you're living
over here on borrowed time
while your children's
daddy's doing time.
Surviving off some little
earnings of some thief.
Thief?
Coral!
Damn right!
Then maybe you feel that way,
you should leave.
Oh, Jesus.
Well, fine. I'll leave.
And I'm gonna tell my son
why we left too.
You do that.
Damn right. Come on.
No, no, come on, now baby.
We ain't wanted here.
Now baby, Coral wait minute!
Get in this car.
I... I'm... I'm sorry I-
My husband worked hard.
Yes he may have made
a few mistakes,
but he's a good man.
And he paid all of those people
back.
My husband worked hard,
she has no...
I'm...
No right to talk to me
like that.
I am so, so sorry, Melanie,
I- I'm... I'm sorry,
okay I'm sorry.
How dare she.
You all finish the decorations,
carry on.
I'll talk to you
more about it later, McKenzie.
I need a vacation.
I hope you didn't apologize
to that woman for me.
If we get started now
we can be home by noon.
You know, I am just about sick
and tired of you
and your dramatic tirades.
What? What?
Coral, I...
I can't take any more of this.
I mean, the way
you spoke to that woman
was disrespectful
and absolutely ignorant.
Well, she deserved it.
She does not like us.
Woman, do not say another word,
okay?
Now listen, I love you,
but you act like you've never
made a mistake
before in your life.
Now look, come here,
this... this is about our son.
You raised that boy, everything
that you see in there,
100% of what you raised
is in there.
Baby, that is all you,
you did that.
Lena, it's me.
Girl, open up or I will go
start a fire in the kitchen,
and you know I will.
What?
Look, you have all
of your guests waiting.
And not only that,
but there is a wonderful,
gorgeous man
down there who loves you
to pieces.
You're a lucky girl.
All right, that's it,
I'm getting the matches.
What are you doing?
You need to stop
blocking your happiness.
Look, it's okay.
It's okay to let go.
It's okay to move on, you know?
What's the problem?
Why are you still having issues
moving on?
It's so hard.
I still love him so much.
I know.
And I get it, trust me.
But.
Look, sometimes people are only
in your life for a season.
And you gotta close one chapter
so you can open the next
so you can see
how your story unfolds, right?
Trish, I'm scared.
I'm scared that I won't be able
to be a good wife to him.
Darnell is such an amazing guy
and he deserves so much better.
What? Stop.
Please, do you not know
how amazing you are?
It gets no better.
You always know what to say.
Well, sometimes.
Yeah, sorta.
Look, I didn't smoke today
so I'm on point.
Come here.
I love you, okay?
I love you too.
I'll go keep them on ice.
Now you know you too young
to be drinking,
what were you thinking?
L“
Hello.
Ugh. Hi guys,
thank you for, uh, coming out.
Got a few jokes for you so,
uh... What did the black guy
say to the Mexicans
before they crossed the road?
Anybody? No?
So who knows why
the chicken only had one leg?
Oh, come on.
Okay so, I thought you said
this was a wedding?
This is some bullshit,
all this money being spent
on this bullshit ass wedding.
Come on.
No. Nobody still?
This is
what my nephew's marrying into?
L“
I loved you, Dillon.
I'll always love you.
I know you're probably
complaining right now
because I'm always
so over dramatic.
I learned so much from you.
You knew me in ways
that no one else could.
Darnell, he's- he's great.
♪ Please don't go away ♪
He makes me feel alive again.
He loves me so deeply.
And when I look into his eyes
I feel safe again.
You'd be proud of me.
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna slow down.
I'm gonna... I'm gonna look
at the stars.
I'm gonna taste my food.
I'm gonna enjoy life the way
you want me to.
♪ It's nice
to know where you went
Feeling like my soul
is weakened ♪
When God closes one door,
He always opens a new one.
And I can see clearly now.
I love you.
♪ I wanna be
I wanna see you
I just need to know
Oh, where I need to go
Oh, sol know for sure ♪
I'm ready.
I love you, Darnell.
Let's get married.
Yeah?
Mm-hm.
Baby-
I promise to be the best husband
I can be for you.
I know you will.
You may now salute your bride.
Okay you guys. ready?
Yeah!
All right, here goes.
No! No! Put that back!
You think it's funny don't you?
You see this? This is crazy man.
Hey, that's not funny man,
I did not agree to this.
L“
Hey, congratulations
on your wedding.
Thank you.
Hey.
I'm sorry.
Oh, I had no reason
to talk to you like that.
Oh, we got off
to a bad start didn't we?
We did.
But it's my fault,
I'm so, so sorry.
All is forgiven.
Welcome to our family.
Thank you.
Hey.
You look very handsome.
And you look beautiful.
Friends?
Friends.
Come here.
All right get out of here,
have fun.
You too.
Congratulations, Darnell.
Thank you.
My daughter Keli tells me
that you're looking
for a new job opportunity.
How did you know
I was looking for work?
Lisa called me last night.
Oh, gosh, everything
has been so beautiful.
Thank you, dear, thank you.
How you doing, I'm Cliff.
I'm Brianna.
Nice to meet you.
Excuse me.
May I have this dance?
Oh, I'd love to, Reverend.
Okay, Miss Melanie,
don't hurt him.
I love you.
Can I show you
what a real man's like?
Sure.
Now you know I'm proud of you
right?
Oh my, my, my,
and she's so good for you,
she really is.
Yeah she is mama, yeah she is.
I love you.
I love you too.
Congratulations, boy.
Thank you, Pop.
I love you man.
Love it,
you're looking great, brother-
Thanks.
-you're looking great.
Thank you.
So you know what we been
praying for right?
Yeah.
Guess what?
I'm pregnant.
Oh. Hey, we got a baby
in the oven, you all.
Yeah, congratulations.
Hey, babe.
Hey beautiful.
Guess what?
What?
Your man got a new job.
Yes, I got a new job.
Are you serious?
Yes.
Congratulations.
Thank you, thank you.
N'
Oh, you hear that?
What? Hey, yes come on.
Let's go.
L“
Now put your dance shoes on
Dance shoes on)
And get your grown folks on
Grown folks on)
Now put your dance shoes on
Dance shoes on)
And get your grown folks on
Grown folks on)
Now slide to the right
Slide to the right
Now slide to the left
Slide to the left
Now slide to the right
Slide to the right
Now slide to the left
Slide to the left
Now boogie-oogie-oogie
Boogie-oogie-oogie
Get your boogie-oogie-oogie
Won't you boogie-oogie-oogie
Put your dance shoes on,
dance shoes on ♪
L“
Hey.
You know, uh...for 16 years,
I've thought about this day.
And what I'd say to you, and...
I never took the time to think
about how you might be hurting.
And how in your darkest hour
I wasn't there.
And how you
might have needed me.
Listen to me. I wanna...
I wanna change the past.
All we have is right now.
Right now.
That's it. That's the gift.
L“
I love you, dad.
I love you too.
L“
♪ Oooh
Oooh
Baby some things
never have to be said
If you're a man
tell me what we're doing next
I can't stay here forever
Don't expect
me to take the first step
You shouldn't have
to read my mind
See my body's telling the story
And it's saying
you can be the star tonight.
So you better come and get me
Don't make me wait, no
Baby, I don't wanna wait, no
You better come and get me
Don't make me wait
Don't turn me into a regret
You're in my head
With some words you never said
It's like the closer that we get
You know I could tell
You're a bully in the bed
Boy I don't have
to read your mind
See your body
is telling the story
And it's saying
I should be all yours tonight
But you try to come and get me
Don't make me wait, no
Baby, I don't wanna wait, no
You better come and get me
Don't make me wait, no
Baby, I don't wanna wait, no
You better come and get me
Don't make
me wait, wait, wait, wait ♪